[otbn] Document key sideload (#8650)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/otbn/doc/_index.md

        The accumulator register used by the {{< otbnInsnRef "BN.MULQACC" >}} instruction.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>0x4</td>
      <td>RO</td>
      <td>KEY_S0_L</td>
      <td>
Bits [255:0] of share 0 of the 384b OTBN sideload key provided by the [Key Manager]({{< relref "/hw/ip/keymgr/doc" >}}).

> A `KEY_INVALID` software error is raised if the Key Manager does not provide a valid key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `KEY_INVALID` software error is raised on read if the Key Manager has not provided a valid key.
```

Or similar just to make it clear what when the `KEY_INVALID` error is raised.
